docs: show CLI cmd-specific opts before general opts (#13917)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/snapshot/inspect.mdx

Usage: `consul snapshot inspect [options] FILE`

#### Command Options

> - `-kvdetails` - Optional, provides a space usage breakdown for any KV data stored in Consul.
> - `-kvdepth` - Can only be used with `-kvdetails`. Used to adjust the grouping level of keys. Defaults to 2.
> - `-kvfilter` - Can only be used with `-kvdetails`. Used to specify a key prefix that excludes keys that don't match.
> - `-format` - Optional, allows from changing the output to JSON. Parameters accepted are "pretty" and "JSON".
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-kvdetails` - Provides information about space usage for KV data stored in Consul.
- `-kvdepth` - Adjusts the grouping levels of keys. Can only be used with `-kvdetails`. Defaults is `2`.
- `-kvfilter` - Specifies a key prefix to exclude from the response. Keys that match the specified value are excluded. Can only be used with `-kvdetails`.
- `-format` - Specifies an output format for the response. Specify either `pretty` to format the response with line breaks or `JSON` to format the response as JSON.
```
